---
layout: post
title: Google Veo 3 Generates a video collection of Hollywood at risk...
date: 2025-06-01 12:00:00 +0800
category: Frontier Trends
thumbnail: /style/image/google-veo-3_1.jpg
icon: web
---
* content
{:toc}

Brothers.
Hollywood is dead.
Take a look at the video of Veo 3's collection.
Google Veo 3 is really at the production level, Hollywood is in danger...
Look at these cases.

- Actors say they're stuck in Prompt.

- Generate a third-person game.

- Watch bees fly fast around the back yard grill from a third person's perspective

- A film-grade short film made with Veo 3
 
- The giraffe dances.

- It's so clear in the book.

- A live video of the car show.

- A university professor is in the middle of a class on Z Intergenerational Psychiatry.


- A man rapping to the camera about how to make video using Veo 3

- The camera moves the cave effect quickly.

- Tesla-style rap.

- A talk show.

- It also generates a game explanation.


- A lady sings a song about Veo3 to the camera.

- Weenies and mini-circle fights.

- Musical performances of all kinds.

- A dog runs out of the house, tracks the camera.

- ASMR sound video.

- A post-Olympic interview.

- Dance video.

- Cell phone open video.

- 100 men dancing with gorillas.

- Full cooking video.


- Midnight street question quick interview.

- Simulation of the Fire Man's Day live interview.
A microplastic poster.

Veo 3 Opening the New World

It's a sweet story scene.
Create a fictional product introduction using Veo 3
Use Veo 3 tips to reveal malfunctions in simulation
Film-grade scenes
It's a classic video.
We're going to Jurassic Park together.
**50 pp. Veo 3 Hint + Case PPT **
PPT address: https://25marchwk2.my.canva.site/ugcguide
